# Password-Locker

## Description

On Average, a person has at least 7 different accounts he or she has signed into, be it email, social media, entertainment or job portal accounts. It becomes really hard to remember all those passwords and even create new ones.

With the knowledge and skills I have now, I will create an amazing application that will help users create and manage their passwords

## Author

* nyakiochristine

## Behaviour Driven Development

* Users can create accounts using a username and a pasword that can either be autogenerated by the system or customized by the user.
* Display the usernames of the accounts created.
* Find the user accounts
* Delete the user account
* Log-out from user accounts

## Run/SetUp instructions

* Clone the repository
* Open your terminal (Ctrl + Alt + T) and navigate to the project repository.
* Open it in your text editor(code . for VsCode and atom . for Atom)
* Run the command: python3 run.py
* Follow the navigation steps.

## Development and Modifications

Follow these steps for modifications:

* Fork the repository
* Create a new branch
* Make appropriate modifications
* Commit and push changes to the new branch
* Create a pull request

## Technology used

Python 3.8

## Support and Contact Information

Email: christinemwangi@student.moringaschool.com

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 CHRISTINE Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
